PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated September 04, 2024

This Privacy Notice for __________ ('we', 'us', or 'our'), describes how and why we might access, collect, store, use, and/or share ('process') your personal information when you use our services ('Services'), including when you:

Visit our website at https://360tn.com, or any website of ours that links to this Privacy Notice.
Download and use our mobile application (360TN), or any other application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice.
Use 360tn. 360.tn is a personalized consumer loyalty tool that helps large retailers personalize their loyalty and promotion programs for their customers. 360.tn offers retailers and brands a promotional personalization platform using Data to capture a greater share of their shoppers' spending. Shoppers can take on ultra-personalized and gamified challenges that reward them for strengthening their loyalty to stores and brands. The system is both fun with its ultra-personalized promotional solution. It is based in particular on algorithms linked to artificial intelligence. In fact, the solution offers various challenges to a brand's customers. This process will consider tastes, purchasing habits, and affinities at the same time. It is also a solution for customer loyalty. Brands will also benefit. Indeed, they can refocus the challenges on a range and not on a single product. Each challenge indicates a way to spend with a brand for a specified amount on a specific brand over a prior period. This period varies between a few weeks or a few months. This allows the consumer to benefit from reductions or a prize pool valid internally. The solution is based on the processing of data provided by distributors.
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events.
Questions or concerns?
Reading this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services.

SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

This summary provides key points from our Privacy Notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.

What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about personal information you disclose to us.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
Some of the information may be considered 'special' or 'sensitive' in certain jurisdictions, for example, your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and religious beliefs. We may process sensitive personal information when necessary with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Learn more about sensitive information we process.
Do we collect any information from third parties?
We do not collect any information from third parties.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more about how we process your information.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about when and with whom we share your personal information.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have adequate organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn more about how we keep your information safe.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about your privacy rights.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by submitting a data subject access request, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? Review the Privacy Notice in full.

